fix(runtime): preserve `hidden="until-found"` value in attribues (#15542)
withastro/astro: .changeset/clean-planets-flow.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> fix(runtime): preserve `hidden="until-found"` value in attribues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improves rendering by preserving `hidden="until-found"` value in attribues
```
